TODO!

adding learning material

editor:

when clicking on cancel, ask confirmation that progress will be lost
when clicking outside dialog box in edit mode, ask confirmation that progress will be lost

add acknowledgement toasts/balloons or whatever to show something is done and warning in places where progress can be lost

learner view:
- mark as read
- when go back to module list, should reflect change

ordering tasks
delete tasks with confirmation
ordering modules
delete modules with confirmation

adding quiz
- send correct answer from input given by user.
- ai integration
- ballons and more acknowledgements


ordering milestones
deleting milestones

bulk upload

adding scorecards and attaching scorecards to questions
(do this after v1 is built with everything using only objective questions in exam and quiz mode)

input type audio - can have objective answer?
When to use STT vs when to use native audio input for analysis?
- for objective tasks - STT?
- for subjective tasks - native audio input?
or what comes with text - can do stt and show text
or what comes with input type audio - directly do raw audio


analytics?
- overall metrics
- learner level analytics? NO

creating groups
bulk upload tasks (import)
choosing which school to view (owner of one, admin in multiple)

mentor view? NO
profile for learner? NO

responsiveness? NO FOR NOW

embedding the home page? (Khushbu)

LMS features (Amit + Gayathri)

Editing course name? NO
Editing Cohort name? NO
Editing group name? NO
Editing school name? NO
Editing school slug? NO


Generate course? NO

types of content blocks - only text for now

fix ugly dialog boxes

guards on pages so that learner can't act as admin 

testing;
- multiple cohorts dropdown
- multiple courses in cohort tab with streaks and leaderboards


module progress bar in learner view
home page resume button in course card

integrate ai feedback and track progress, mark completed status for quiz tasks

show cohort name as breadcrumb in leaderboard view

connect streak and leaderboard data with actual backend

- support for showing completion and netflix style wait for 5 seconds or autoatically go to next question if all questions done, move to next quiz if it exists or back to course page

errors for invalid input - question empty, correct answer empty, other fields empty etc.
during save for task - ask for confirmation before saving.

create columns?
video link?


code block - unable to switch langauge
show code block as option for correct answer too